Do you have
Police, are you okay? What can I do?
Why do the three major consortia in the world want to send you money?
I saved their lives.
Just whistle
They have so many bodyguards and they need you to save them.
You don't understand this
Who hasn't been bound yet?
Jin Chen Well, Lin's Group is not easy to mess with
You mess with them now
I'm afraid they can rest assured in the future.
I'm gonna be okay
You have to believe in your husband's strength
Four golden mornings
How many 18 schools do you have left?
Hey, Mr. Shen is not good
The company has gathered a lot of people to make trouble
Said there was a problem with our product.
I'll be right there.
What's up?
Something happened to the company, go to the company, be quiet, be quiet, be quiet
Quiet. Look at my face
This is what happens with your company's products.
They make fake drugs.
Deceive our consumers
Lose money or it's not over.
Lose money listen to me lose money
The prodigy will be here soon.
If you have any questions, you can respond to our prodigy.
Everyone is making a fuss here
It really affects our office.
You are now afraid that it will affect your review.
When doing something hurtful
Will you think of today?
Just don't give me an explanation today
I destroyed your company
lose money lose money
What's wrong with losing money?
I'm the person in charge of health review
I'm in Shenning.
If you have anything, you can ask me.
Don't worry.
Look at my face today
Just using your company's products, he became like this.